docs(DEVELOPER.md): add how to set up hybrid mode (#11517)
Kong/kong: DEVELOPER.md

| `test-plugins`     | Run the plugins test suite                             |
| `test-all`         | Run all unit + integration + plugins tests at once     |

> ### Setup Hybrid Mode Developing Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup Hybrid Mode Development Environment
```

Author: Done

> You can follow the steps given below to set hybrid mode environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the steps given below to setup a hybrid mode environment.
```

Author: Done
